Updated information related to reward points for Issue Triage activities (#5622)
magento/devdocs: _includes/contributor/rewards.md

MFTF test coverage| 10 | Contribution contains MFTF tests
Bug fix | 10 | Contribution fixes one or more known issues from GitHub
Author of Ported Issue | 5 | Additional points for a contribution that ports (up or back port) a previous PR across release lines by another contributor

> Issue Triage: Confirmed | 5 | Public issue report is verified and confirmed. Description contains all required information to be easily reproduced by provided steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issue Triage: Confirmed | 5 | A public issue report is verified and confirmed. The description contains all the required information needed to easily reproduce the issue with the provided steps
```

> Issue Triage: Rejected/Closed | 4 | Public issue report is verified and closed/rejected because it is "not a bug" or "cannot be reproduced" by provided steps in the description on the supported Magento versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issue Triage: Rejected/Closed | 4 | A public issue report is verified and closed/rejected because it is "not a bug" or "cannot be reproduced" using the provided steps in the description on the supported Magento versions
```
